README.MD, before:

![Header](images/README_Header.png)  

A wrapper for the Fortnite Tracker API written in Python3. 
[A Fortnite Tracker API scraper exists](https://github.com/mgp25/Fortnite-API), 
but this library plays by the Fortnite Tracker rules. 

- [Requirements](#requirements)  
- [Installation](#installation)  
- [Documentation](#documentation)  
- [Examples](#examples)  
- [Notes](#notes)
- [License](#license)  

## Requirements  
- An Epic Games account linked to your PC, PSN, or Xbox Live account.  
- A Fortnite Tracker account and API key. [Register your Fortnite Tracker API key here](https://fortnitetracker.com/site-api)  
  
- Python 3 (It probably works on Python2, but I'm too lazy to test that)
  
  
## Installation  
Clone the repo and drag the FortniteAPI folder into your project, and removed the unneeded files.  
  
## Documentation  
When creating your API object you'll need to suppy it with a platform.  
There are only 3 valid platform values.      
  
| Platform  | Value |
| --------- | ----- |
| PC        | `pc`   |
| Playstation | `psn`|
| Xbox One    | `xbl`|  
  
Every API call, aside from lifetime stats, requires a playlist value to be supplied.  
Here is the list of valid Enum's for the Fortnite Playlists:  
  
| Playlist  | Value |
| --------- | ----- |
| Solo                 | `FortnitePlaylist.SOLO`          |
| Duo                  | `FortnitePlaylist.DUO`           |
| Squads               | `FortnitePlaylist.SQUAD`         |  
| Current Season Solo  | `FortnitePlaylist.CURRENT_SOLO`  |
| Current Season Duo   | `FortnitePlaylist.CURRENT_DUO`   |
| Current Season Squad | `FortnitePlaylist.CURRENT_SQUAD` |
  
And, finally, here are all the currently available API calls.  
  
| Method         | Description   | Parameters | Return Value |
| -------------- | ------------- | ---------- | ------------ |
| `__init__(self, platform, user)`       | Initialized the FortniteAPI object            | `platform` - The gaming platform. Valid values are listed above. `user` - an Epic Games user account | `FortniteAPI`          |
| `set_api_key(self, key)`               | Sets the API key for the FortniteAPI object   | `key` - your Fortnite Tracker API Key                                                                | `void`                 |
| `set_user(self, user)`                 | Changes the user.                             | `user` - an Epic Games user account                                                                  | `void`                 |
| `set_platform(self, platform)`         | Changes the platform.                         | `platform` - The gaming platform                                                                     | `void`                 |
| `get_score(self, playlist)`            | Gets the users score                          | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
| `get_top_one(self, playlist)`          | Retuns number of wins                         | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
| `get_top_three(self, playlist)`        | Returns number of top 3's                     | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_top_five(self, playlist)`        | Returns number of top 5's                     | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_top_six(self, playlist)`         | Returns number of top 6's                     | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_top_ten(self, playlist)`         | Returns number of top 10's                    | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_top_twelve(self, playlist)`      | Returns number of to 12's                     | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_top_twenty_five(self, playlist)` | Returns the number of to 25's                 | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_kd(self, playlist)`              | Returns the user's kill death ratio           | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_matches(self, playlist)`         | Returns the number of matches played          | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_kills(self, playlist)`           | Returns the number of kills for a user        | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_kpg(self, playlist)`             | Returns the average number of kills per game  | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
| `get_score_per_match(self, playlist)`  | Returns the users score                       | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_score(self)`             | Returns the overall score of the user         | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_matches_played(self)`    | Returns total number of matches played        | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_wins(self)`              | Returns total number of wins for the user     | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_win_percentage(self)`    | Returns the lifetime win percentage           | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_kills(self)`             | Returns a users total amount of kills         | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_kd(self)`                | Returns a users total kill death ratio        | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_score_per_match(self)`            | Returns a users total average kills per match | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 


## Examples  
Import the FortniteAPI files  
`from FortniteAPI import FortnitePlaylist, FortniteAPI`  
  
Create the FortniteAPI object supplying the constructor with the platform, and your Epic Games account name:  

`api = FortniteAPI('xbl', 'tylerw330')`  
    
Now you need to give the API your api key:    
`api.set_api_key('YOUR-API-KEY')`  
  
From here you're ready to start making some API calls. Most methods in the API take a `FortnitePlaylist` enum value as a parameter.  
`kill_death_ratio = api.get_kd(FortnitePlaylist.SOLO)`  
  
If you'd like to change what user you get your data for call the `set_user(self, user)` method:  
`api.set_user('different_user')`  
  
This method assumes the user is on the same platform.  
If you want to change the platform call the `set_platform(self, platform)` method, then reset the user with `set_user(self, user)`  
  
`api.set_platform('pc')`  
`api.set_user('user_name')`  

  
## Notes  
Fortnite tracker also provides recent games, and additional lifetime stats, such as top 3, 5, 6, etc.  
This data didn't seem very reliable to me so I didn't include it, but it can be accessed from the json data.   
  
The error handing in this project is very basic. Since Fortnite Tracker's API only has one API call that spits back 
some json, the only expection I'm checking for is a KeyError exception. If this happens, the method will return 0 as a 
string.  
  
If you decide to send a pull request, make sure you follow the 
[PEP-8 style guide](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/).  
  
## License  
  
Copyright (c) 2018 Tyler Williamson Licensed under the WTFPL license.

Commit message:

Changed coding style from PEP-8 to Black

README.MD, after:

![Header](images/README_Header.png)  

A wrapper for the Fortnite Tracker API written in Python3. 
[A Fortnite Tracker API scraper exists](https://github.com/mgp25/Fortnite-API), 
but this library plays by the Fortnite Tracker rules. 

- [Requirements](#requirements)  
- [Installation](#installation)  
- [Documentation](#documentation)  
- [Examples](#examples)  
- [Notes](#notes)
- [License](#license)  

## Requirements  
- An Epic Games account linked to your PC, PSN, or Xbox Live account.  
- A Fortnite Tracker account and API key. [Register your Fortnite Tracker API key here](https://fortnitetracker.com/site-api)  
  
- Python 3 (It probably works on Python2, but I'm too lazy to test that)
  
  
## Installation  
Clone the repo and drag the FortniteAPI folder into your project, and removed the unneeded files.  
  
## Documentation  
When creating your API object you'll need to suppy it with a platform.  
There are only 3 valid platform values.      
  
| Platform  | Value |
| --------- | ----- |
| PC        | `pc`   |
| Playstation | `psn`|
| Xbox One    | `xbl`|  
  
Every API call, aside from lifetime stats, requires a playlist value to be supplied.  
Here is the list of valid Enum's for the Fortnite Playlists:  
  
| Playlist  | Value |
| --------- | ----- |
| Solo                 | `FortnitePlaylist.SOLO`          |
| Duo                  | `FortnitePlaylist.DUO`           |
| Squads               | `FortnitePlaylist.SQUAD`         |  
| Current Season Solo  | `FortnitePlaylist.CURRENT_SOLO`  |
| Current Season Duo   | `FortnitePlaylist.CURRENT_DUO`   |
| Current Season Squad | `FortnitePlaylist.CURRENT_SQUAD` |
  
And, finally, here are all the currently available API calls.  
  
| Method         | Description   | Parameters | Return Value |
| -------------- | ------------- | ---------- | ------------ |
| `__init__(self, platform, user)`       | Initialized the FortniteAPI object            | `platform` - The gaming platform. Valid values are listed above. `user` - an Epic Games user account | `FortniteAPI`          |
| `set_api_key(self, key)`               | Sets the API key for the FortniteAPI object   | `key` - your Fortnite Tracker API Key                                                                | `void`                 |
| `set_user(self, user)`                 | Changes the user.                             | `user` - an Epic Games user account                                                                  | `void`                 |
| `set_platform(self, platform)`         | Changes the platform.                         | `platform` - The gaming platform                                                                     | `void`                 |
| `get_score(self, playlist)`            | Gets the users score                          | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
| `get_top_one(self, playlist)`          | Retuns number of wins                         | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
| `get_top_three(self, playlist)`        | Returns number of top 3's                     | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_top_five(self, playlist)`        | Returns number of top 5's                     | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_top_six(self, playlist)`         | Returns number of top 6's                     | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_top_ten(self, playlist)`         | Returns number of top 10's                    | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_top_twelve(self, playlist)`      | Returns number of to 12's                     | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_top_twenty_five(self, playlist)` | Returns the number of to 25's                 | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_kd(self, playlist)`              | Returns the user's kill death ratio           | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_matches(self, playlist)`         | Returns the number of matches played          | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_kills(self, playlist)`           | Returns the number of kills for a user        | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
|  `get_kpg(self, playlist)`             | Returns the average number of kills per game  | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
| `get_score_per_match(self, playlist)`  | Returns the users score                       | `playlist` - A FortnitePlaylist enum value                                                           | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_score(self)`             | Returns the overall score of the user         | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_matches_played(self)`    | Returns total number of matches played        | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_wins(self)`              | Returns total number of wins for the user     | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_win_percentage(self)`    | Returns the lifetime win percentage           | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_kills(self)`             | Returns a users total amount of kills         | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_lifetime_kd(self)`                | Returns a users total kill death ratio        | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 
| `get_score_per_match(self)`            | Returns a users total average kills per match | None                                                                                                 | `String`               | 


## Examples  
Import the FortniteAPI files  
`from FortniteAPI import FortnitePlaylist, FortniteAPI`  
  
Create the FortniteAPI object supplying the constructor with the platform, and your Epic Games account name:  

`api = FortniteAPI('xbl', 'tylerw330')`  
    
Now you need to give the API your api key:    
`api.set_api_key('YOUR-API-KEY')`  
  
From here you're ready to start making some API calls. Most methods in the API take a `FortnitePlaylist` enum value as a parameter.  
`kill_death_ratio = api.get_kd(FortnitePlaylist.SOLO)`  
  
If you'd like to change what user you get your data for call the `set_user(self, user)` method:  
`api.set_user('different_user')`  
  
This method assumes the user is on the same platform.  
If you want to change the platform call the `set_platform(self, platform)` method, then reset the user with `set_user(self, user)`  
  
`api.set_platform('pc')`  
`api.set_user('user_name')`  

  
## Notes  
Fortnite tracker also provides recent games, and additional lifetime stats, such as top 3, 5, 6, etc.  
This data didn't seem very reliable to me so I didn't include it, but it can be accessed from the json data.   
  
The error handing in this project is very basic. Since Fortnite Tracker's API only has one API call that spits back 
some json, the only expection I'm checking for is a KeyError exception. If this happens, the method will return 0 as a 
string.  
  
If you decide to send a pull request, make sure you follow the 
[Black code style](https://github.com/ambv/black). Reformatting your code for Black is as easy as installing Black with 
`pip install black` and running `black FortniteAPI.py`  
  
## License  
  
Copyright (c) 2018 Tyler Williamson Licensed under the WTFPL license.
